[DOC-11986] Rework the Student Record Tutorial for the Server docs (#167)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/tutorials/pages/java-tutorial/add-course-enrollment.adoc

Reviewer: Again, I would rename this back to `adding-course-enrollments.adoc` and remove the page alias.

= Add Course Enrollments
:description: Add enrollment information to the student records using the Couchbase SDK.
:page-topic-type: tutorial
:page-pagination: full
:page-toclevels: 2
:imagesdir: ../../images
:page-aliases: adding-course-enrollments.adoc

[abstract]
{description}

== Add Enrollment Details

To add enrollment details to a student record:

. In your `java` directory, create a new file called `AddEnrollments.java`.
. Paste the following code block into your `AddEnrollments.java` file:
+
[source, java]

> ----

Reviewer 2: I'd recommend putting this entire code sample into an `examples` folder at the same level as `images`, `pages`, etc., and pulling it in as an `include`, instead.

<5> These three methods retrieve Hilary's student record, the `graphic design` course record, and the `art history` course record.
Each method uses a {sqlpp} call to retrieve a single record from each collection.
<6> Couchbase does not have a native date type, so the common practice is to store dates as strings.
<7> Stores the `enrollments` inside the student record as an array.
`JsonArray.create()` creates an empty list structure.
<8> Adds two JSON elements to the `enrollments` array: the course that the enrollment relates to, and the date that the student enrolled in the course. 
To avoid repeating data all over the database, you store a reference to the course instead of the entire course record itself in this field.
This means that you do not have to search through every single record if the course details change, 
<9> Adds the `enrollments` array to Hilary's student record.
<10> Commits the changes to the collection.
The `upsert` function call takes the key of the record you want to insert or update and the record itself as parameters.
If the `upsert` call finds a document with a matching ID in the collection, it updates the document. 

> If there is no matching ID, it creates a new document.

Reviewer 2: Please add all of this in as in-line comments in the code sample, rather than using these code callouts. 

See: https://docs.couchbase.com/styleguide/examples.html#explaining-code-examples

+
. Open a terminal window and navigate to your `student` directory.
. Run the command `mvn install` to pull in all the dependencies and rebuild your application.
. Run the following command to insert the student record into the collection:
+
[source, sh]
----
mvn exec:java -Dexec.mainClass="AddEnrollments" -Dexec.cleanupDaemonThreads=false
----
+

> . Go to your Couchbase database in your browser and check the `student-record-collection` for the new information you just added to Hilary's student record.

Reviewer 2: Is Hilary with one l or two? I swear I thought it was two in the previous file lol

+
image::updated-student-record.png[alt="Updated student record with course enrollment"]

> If you come across errors in your console, check out the xref:java-tutorial/tutorial-troubleshooting.adoc[troubleshooting page].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you come across errors in your console, see the xref:java-tutorial/tutorial-troubleshooting.adoc[troubleshooting page].
```

= Add Course Enrollments
:description: Add enrollment information to the student records using the Couchbase SDK.
:page-topic-type: tutorial
:page-pagination: full
:page-toclevels: 2
:imagesdir: ../../images
:page-aliases: adding-course-enrollments.adoc

[abstract]
{description}

== Add Enrollment Details

To add enrollment details to a student record:

. In your `java` directory, create a new file called `AddEnrollments.java`.
. Paste the following code block into your `AddEnrollments.java` file:
+
[source, java]
----
include::example$AddEnrollments.java[]
----

> +

Reviewer: 1. Add a step here telling users to change line 22 of the file to match the user name and password they chose when they set up the cluster, or
2. Change the instructions in `tutorial-install-server.adoc` telling the users explicitly which user name and password they should use when setting up this cluster

... or both!

NOTE: Because this is a tutorial, you do not need to add an error check to make sure that your collection has returned an item.
In a live application, though, error checks must be made to prevent errors and keep the application running.
+
. Open a terminal window and navigate to your `student` directory.
. Run the command `mvn install` to pull in all the dependencies and rebuild your application.
. Run the following command to insert the student record into the collection:
+
[source, sh]
----
mvn exec:java -Dexec.mainClass="AddEnrollments" -Dexec.cleanupDaemonThreads=false
----
+
. Go to your Couchbase cluster in your browser and check the `student-record-collection` for the new information you just added to Hilary's student record.
+

> image::updated-student-record.png[alt="Updated student record with course enrollment"]

Reviewer: You won't see the JSON in the Documents Workbench, unless you click on the document ID or the edit ✏️  button.

If you come across errors in your console, see the xref:java-tutorial/tutorial-troubleshooting.adoc[troubleshooting page].

== Next Steps

> Now that you have finished following the Student Record System tutorial, you can explore more of Couchbase by checking out the xref:server:guides:intro.adoc[developer guides].

Reviewer: The developer guides are no longer a separate section.

```suggestion
Now that you have finished following the Student Record System tutorial, you can explore more of Couchbase by checking out the rest of the xref:develop:intro.adoc[developer documentation].
```
